README.md, before:

# HaarCascade
Opencv-Python Haar Cascade


# Notes
https://github.com/mrnugget/opencv-haar-classifier-training
find ./positive_images -iname "*.jpg" > positives.txt
find ./negative_images -iname "*.jpg" > negatives.txt

perl bin/createsamples.pl positives.txt negatives.txt samples 1500\
  "opencv_createsamples -bgcolor 0 -bgthresh 0 -maxxangle 1.1\
  -maxyangle 1.1 maxzangle 0.5 -maxidev 40 -w 80 -h 40"
  

https://pythonprogramming.net/haar-cascade-object-detection-python-opencv-tutorial/  
opencv_workspace
--neg
----negimages.jpg
--opencv
--info
--bg.txt
--watch5050.jpg
  
opencv_createsamples -img watch5050.jpg -bg bg.txt -info info/info.lst -pngoutput info -maxxangle 0.5 -maxyangle 0.5 -maxzangle 0.5 -num 1950

opencv_createsamples -info info/info.lst -num 1950 -w 20 -h 20 -vec positives.vec

# Train
nohup opencv_traincascade -data data -vec positives.vec -bg bg.txt -numPos 1800 -numNeg 900 -numStages 10 -w 20 -h 20 &

This will allow the command to continue running, even after you close the terminal. You can do more, 
but you may or may not run out of your 2GB of ram.

Commit message:

Testing script to convert negative images to grayscale

README.md, after:

# HaarCascade
Opencv-Python Haar Cascade


# Notes
https://github.com/mrnugget/opencv-haar-classifier-training
find ./positive_images -iname "*.jpg" > positives.txt
find ./negative_images -iname "*.jpg" > negatives.txt

perl bin/createsamples.pl positives.txt negatives.txt samples 1500\
  "opencv_createsamples -bgcolor 0 -bgthresh 0 -maxxangle 1.1\
  -maxyangle 1.1 maxzangle 0.5 -maxidev 40 -w 80 -h 40"


https://pythonprogramming.net/haar-cascade-object-detection-python-opencv-tutorial/  
opencv_workspace
--neg
----negimages.jpg
--opencv
--info
--bg.txt
--watch5050.jpg

opencv_createsamples -img watch5050.jpg -bg bg.txt -info info/info.lst -pngoutput info -maxxangle 0.5 -maxyangle 0.5 -maxzangle 0.5 -num 1950

opencv_createsamples -info info/info.lst -num 1950 -w 20 -h 20 -vec positives.vec

# Resize image
sudo yum install ImageMagick

mogrify -resize 500 *.jpg

# Marker positive images
python ./ObjectMarker.py ./positive_images/ output.txt


# Train
nohup opencv_traincascade -data data -vec positives.vec -bg bg.txt -numPos 1800 -numNeg 900 -numStages 10 -w 20 -h 20 &

This will allow the command to continue running, even after you close the terminal. You can do more,
but you may or may not run out of your 2GB of ram.
